Serverless configurations updates (dual shipping, lambda tags enrichment) (#14062)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/configuration/_index.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

Datadog can also enrich the collected telemetry with existing AWS resource tags defined on your Lambda functions with a delay of a few minutes.

> - If you are collecting telemetry from your Lambda functions using the [Datadog Lambda extension][2], enable the [Datadog AWS integration][3]. This feature is meant to enrich your telemetry with custom tags, while the Datadog reserved `env`, `service`, and `version` tags must be set through the `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` environment variables (or using the parameters provided by the Datadog integrations with the serverless developer tools). This feature does not currently work for Lambda functions deployed with container images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are collecting telemetry from your Lambda functions using the [Datadog Lambda extension][2], enable the [Datadog AWS integration][3]. This feature is meant to enrich your telemetry with **custom** tags. Datadog reserved tags  (`env`, `service`, and `version`) must be set through the corresponding environment variables (`DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` respectively). Reserved tags can also be set with the parameters provided by the Datadog integrations with the serverless developer tools. This feature does not work for Lambda functions deployed with container images.
```

If you are using the Datadog Forwarder, follow these [instructions][25].

## Send telemetry to multiple Datadog organizations

> If you wish to send data to more than one Datadog organizations, follow the instructions for [dual shipping][33] and include the file `datadog.yaml` in the root directory of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to send data to more than one Datadog organization, follow the instructions for [dual shipping][33] and include the file `datadog.yaml` in the root directory of your project.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Configure the Datadog Lambda extension for local testing

> If you test your Lambda function's container image locally with the Datadog Lambda extension installed, you need to set `DD_LOCAL_TEST` to `true` in your local testing environment, otherwise the extension waits for responses from the AWS Extensions API and blocks the invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test your Lambda function's container image locally with the Datadog Lambda extension installed, you need to set `DD_LOCAL_TEST` to `true` in your local testing environment. Otherwise, the extension waits for responses from the AWS Extensions API and blocks the invocation.
```
